Updated article for v9 (#3319)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Data/Data-Types/default-data-types-v9.md

## List View - Members

This data type is used by **Member Types** that are set to display as list views.

## Media Picker

The picker opens a modal to pick a specific media item from the Media tree. The value saved is the selected media node UDI.

## Member Picker

Displays a dropdown with all the available members. A single member can be selected. The value saved is the ID of the member.

## Multi URL Picker

This Data Type allows an editor to add an array of links. These can either be internal Umbraco pages external URLs or links to media in the Media section. The Data Type can be configured by limited number of links it is possible to add.

## Multiple Image Media Picker

The picker opens a modal to pick multiple images from the **Media** tree. The value saved is a comma separated string of media node UDIs.

## Multiple Media Picker

The picker opens a modal to pick multiple media items from the **Media** tree. The value saved is a comma separated string of media node UDIs.

## Numeric

A textbox to input a numeric value.

## Radiobox

This Data type enables editors to choose from a list of radiobuttons.

## Richtext Editor

> The TinyMCE based WYSIWYG editor. This is the standard editor used to edit larger amount of text. The editor has a lot of settings, which can be changed on Richtext editor Data Type in the Settings section. The editor also supports TinyMCE plugins which can be controlled in the configuration file located at `/config/tinyMce.config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TinyMCE based WYSIWYG editor. This is the standard editor used to edit larger amount of text. The editor has a lot of settings, which can be changed on Richtext editor Data Type in the Settings section. The editor also supports TinyMCE plugins which can be controlled in the [appSetting file](/documentation/Reference/V9-Config/RichTextEditorSettings/).
```
